she
yeah yeah
we know
see
well transition with the whole shirts
tobacco that went on for a while and and
then I heard that laughable winning to
milk it was gonna be one of those nights
again but it's fantastic the way it
turned out we got a great point here
tonight and long for the beaten and
didn't mail club did me a favor so under
later we took advantage of longford slip
but this still seven games to go and
it's not just the two of us later
everything Bray lost again lost again
tonight so they're right back in it as
well so it's a tiny buddies anybody's
like that's two clean sheets on a roll
and 22 games unbeaten with court next
week in the quarter friend of the cop
September was always going to be a
massive mom for us and if we can stay
unbeaten in September at them and I
think we'll be okay Sean at the end of
the game you give it dejected soy
three-way support from her happy Souls
with the games yeah definitely came here
in good form having plan attractive
football but to be honest with you from
from the start with the mess the bird
over the jerseys that was never going to
be an easy night you know and some of
the things that went on was unbelievable
you know but from you know the pinnacle
was for me to be asked to take my team
red and green on my person and I was
never gonna happen you know I do not
play the game so that wasn't a day to
start with that you know there was no
species list I'm not making an excuse we
just didn't you know four or five was
dead internal but didn't perform and I
say you know we spoke about that
afterwards but this team's bird bird
learning processes but how we deal with
setbacks you know not to set back
there's no doubt about it we wanted to
win the game we needed to win as many
games as we can with him down there in
this season I'm you know not getting the
maximum points is made it difficult for
us I put up with packing look forward to
remember with a massive match on Monday
night shyama Grover's we've got the
league cup final to look forward to and
that we still got planner we still got
plenty the same we were were fighting
for that European place and you know
it's always going to be taped than that
I still think it'll go to the last game
of season Darren Clarke you know and
people that were ahead of us only
winning by big margins do you think that
this was satisfactory sounds like of
Athenian 00 at the penalty I can't worry
or legislate for another tape story all
I can't concentrate on his Bohemians and
I guess we can't bear to get three
points we didn't but we didn't get Beth
I'm like that's another clean shape not
stop with it with a new keeper in so you
know that's that's the good points i
still think tonight we created probably
the best chances in here you know i
think ur we had a great chance the first
half and there's a couple of a couple of
chances in the second half or think we
should have done better but you know you
can't harp on about that plaque was it
came and we didn't do enough to justify
probably one in the game tonight and it
was difficult you know they're popular
for the lace they've had lead to fight
for and let's listen there's going to be
plenty of twists and turns in this and
this title race and as i say what we've
got to try and do now is get back on the
ice like falling off your bike gotta go
back on the back as quickly as we can
and they're like there's not too much
wrong you know the way we would ban the
last three or four games there's not too
much wrong tonight was just one of those
performances but it's not bad to have
one of those performances and still have
a drum